---
title: "SENTIMENT ANALYSIS PREDICTION"
author: "Chilly Amador"
date: "June 10, 2015"
output: html_document
---

SENTIMENT PREDICTION MODEL APPLIED TO TEST SET (Large Data Matrixes)

1. Prepare the Large Data Matrix for the iPhone and Samsun Galaxy. First need to convert the matrixes to ARFF data format (WEKA native). Follow the steps below to prepare your Large Labeled Data Matrix:
a.  Download the csv file.
b.	Append a column of question marks (?) to the file so that the last column is all question marks. The name of that column should be the same as the column label in the Small Labeled Data Matrix (i.e. "iphonesentiment"). When adding to the header line (the first line of the file), ensure that you add the sentiment column label and not a question mark. A question mark should not be in the header line of the file. Save the csv file.
c.	Open the modified csv file in WEKA explorer.
d.	If an attribute labeled 'URL' is present in the large data matrix, remove it in the pre-processing screen of WEKA Explorer. This will prevent errors relating to special characters found in URLs.
e.	Delete any columns that were removed by feature selection.
f.	Save the file to ARFF format. Close WEKA Explorer.
g.	Open the iPhone Small Data Matrix ARFF file in a text .The last line of the attributes section at the top of the file will be 'iphonesentiment'  or ‘galaxysentiment’- copy this line from each of the Small to each of the Large Data Matrixes, replacing the line in the Large Data Matrix file so values are defined for this attribute.
2. PREDICT SENTIMENT FOR IPHONE AND SAMSUNG GALAXY.
Run your trained model on the iPhone data set. We used a Java JAR program (WMModel.jar) to use the model we trained to predict sentiment towards Iphone and Galaxy. We ran the JAR file locally, providing the trained model generated by WEKA and Large  Data Matrix as input.
a.	Save Large Data Matrix for the iPhone and final model to the same directory where the JAR file has been loaded since we are be running the program via the command line from that directory.
b.	Open a command prompt and navigate to the directory where you saved the JAR file, trained model, and Large Data Matrix.
c.	Run the JAR program by entering the following command in the command prompt: java -jar WMModel.jar [MODEL NAME].model [NAME OF DATA MATRIX].arff [NAME OF OUTPUT FILE].arff
d.	Repeat these steps for Samsung Galaxy prediction on Large Data Matrix for Galaxy
2.	ANALYZE PREDICTIONS AND SUMMARIZE FINDINGS
